Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedvoip-debriefing-report
<br>
#1: Case Study: Debriefing Report for VoIP2.biz, Inc. Click the link below to read a case study from the 7th edition of Managing Information Technology. VoIP2.biz, Inc.: Deciding on the Next Steps for a VoIP Supplier Write a debriefing report to include options for future activities to be presented to the Board of Directors detailing the following options: Staying with current plan Closing down the company Selling the company Slowing down rate of growth Asking for a 90 day extension to take care of the cash flow problem Reduce expenses Other possibilities Your report should be 3 pages in length and well-written. Use APA style guidelines, citing references as appropriate. #2: Read Case Study 3.3 – Andy’s Recipe in Leadership Theory and Practice Click here to view Case Study 3.3 – Andy’s Recipe Answer the three questions at the end of the case study. Provide research from two sources other than the course textbook that either supports or contradicts your analysis. Your response should be 2 pages, in addition to your cover page and your reference page, submitted as a Word document. Use APA style guidelines, citing references as appropriate. Note: Work to incorporate your questions and answers into a fluid essay rather than merely writing the questions and adding the answers which follow. Make this an essay that weaves a story of the protagonist’s situation. Course: Managing Information Technology &amp; Leadership Theory and Practice Requirements: As mentioned above, APA Referencing